I am going to take you now to the
occupied West Bank to see what's
happening there because the West Bank
has felt obviously massive Ripple
effects from the war in Gaza Israeli
forces have carried out another series
of raids across the West Bank Army units
stormed residential neighborhoods into
caram in nablas and Janine in rala and
gunfire can be heard on the streets
confrontations are ongoing with
Palestinian Fighters using explosive
devices against the Israeli Army nid
Ibrahim is in rala nid look it's good to
talk to you bring us up to speed we'
we've been hyperfocused on what's going
on in Gaza with good reason the siege of
alifa hospital is ongoing but that
doesn't mean there's nothing happening
in the West Bank uh that that much to
the contrary so bring us up to
speed we've been seeing Israeli forces
raiding Palestinian towns left right and
Center since the 7th of October day and
night since then the number of
Palestinians who have been detained has
superseded
2,400 Palestinians and the stories you
hear from some of them are just horrific
some are even too scared to talk to the
media because they fear that Israel
would retaliate against them for saying
what's happening you know when people
are going about their daily lives or
moving from one city to another of
course there's also this uh Israel
sealing the entrances of cities so it
it's becoming very difficult but even
for those who manag to move they're
faced by soldiers in Israeli checkpoints
who check and go through their phones
and see if they have something that the
soldiers don't like they beat them up
they attack them and sometimes they
arrest them you know some of those
stories we've been asking people to talk
to us about but they're too scared to
talk imagine you're talking about a
Crackdown against Palestinians uh for
posts yesterday in a village near ramala
called singel a Palestinian gave the
soldiers his phone after they stormed
his home they opened it and they saw a
TV report he was beaten he was detained
alongside with his son he came back from
the Israeli detention center with his
son having the star of Israel drone on
his forehead you're talking about a
Crackdown on freedom of speech you know
people are telling us that when the
Israeli forces are searching yes they
are looking everywhere but they're also
looking inside people's minds